AI Development Services | AI Development Company - Openxcell
Skip to content
Services
Artificial Intelligence
AI Strategy and Consulting
RAG (Data to LLMs)
Custom LLMs for Enterprises
AI in Mobile Apps
AI in Software
Data Engineering
Data Analytics
ETL and Data Warehouse
Data Annotation Services
Generative AI
AI Agent
LLM Powered Chatbots
LLM Testing and Finetuning
GPT Integration
DevOps
AIOps
DevOps Consulting
DevOps Automation
Site Reliability Engineering
Development Services
Mobile App Development
Software Development
Staff Augmentation
Product Engineering
Industry
Healthcare
Fintech
Logistics
Education
Ecommerce Solution
BFSI Solution
Sports & Gaming
Energy & Utility
Real Estate
Media & Entertainment
SaaS Product
Case Study
About
About Us
Our Team
Blogs
Testimonials
Technology Partners
Security
Privacy Policy
Let’s Connect
Let’s Connect
AI development
AI Development
Services
Automate and strengthen your market position with our comprehensive suite of enterprise AI solutions designed uniquely for you
Speak To Our AI Experts Today
Impact of enterprise
AI statistically
Businesses worldwide are upscaling with Artificial Intelligence, and so should you!
$20 Billion
Estimated value of generative AI market annual growth by the end of the decade –
Statista
54% Companies
Integrated generative AI in their business process by the end of 2023 –
PwC
$2.6 - $4.4 Trillion
Is the projected value of the AI market in the US alone by 2026 –
PRNews
$288.3 Billion
Is the projected value of the AI market in the US alone by 2026 –
PRNews
10% -15%
Definite growth rate of the NLP market through the decade –
Statista
Services
A broad range of
AI development services
to upgrade your business
AI development solutions to help you upscale your business to the next levels
Know more about our AI services
AI Strategy Consulting
Improve, accelerate, and transform your business processes with our comprehensive AI strategy consulting services
RAG (Data to LLMs)
Implement continual data refinements using RAG or Retrieval Augmented Generation to keep your LLM model up-to-date
Custom LLMs for Enterprises
LLM models fine-tuned to suit your industry or business-specific niche to power your business with the best-in-class digital integrations
AI in Mobile Apps
Design futuristic mobile apps with artificial intelligence-based solutions uniquely curated to meet your business requirements
AI in Software
Shorten the SDLC with modern technologies that augment assistive and collaborative development
AI Roadmap Development
AI Solution Implementation
Data Strategy & Management
AI Governance and Ethics
AI Strategy Consulting
Improve, accelerate, and transform your business processes with our comprehensive AI strategy consulting services
RAG consulting
RAG models Customization
RAG Integration Services
Diverse Vector Database Support
RAG (Data to LLMs)
Implement continual data refinements using RAG or Retrieval Augmented Generation to keep your LLM model up-to-date
LLM Solution Development
LLM Refining
LLM Integration
LLM Support & Maintenance
Custom LLMs for Enterprises
LLM models fine-tuned to suit your industry or business-specific niche to power your business with the best-in-class digital integrations
Custom AI Mobile App Development
AI Integration into Existing Apps
PoC & MVP Development
Upgrade and Maintenance
AI in Mobile Apps
Design futuristic mobile apps with artificial intelligence-based solutions uniquely curated to meet your business requirements
Custom AI Software Development
Enterprise AI Solutions
AI Product Development
AI Integration in Legacy Software
AI in Software
Shorten the SDLC with modern technologies that augment assistive and collaborative development
Technologies we use
Up-to-date digital ecosystem power our
AI development solutions
We utilize advanced technologies to deliver quality AI solutions
Contact us to learn more about current technologies
Text Models
Image & Video Models
RAG
Embeddings
Vector Database
DataLakes
ETL
Annotation
DL Frameworks
Train chatbots for advanced functionalities using NLP-based text generation models and generate high-quality content.
OpenAI
Mistral
Hugging Face
LlaMA2
Gemini
LaMDA
Text Models
Benefit from advanced AI algorithms to enhance images, transcribe videos in real-time, and improve accuracy with useful insights.
DALL-E
Stable Diffusion
Midjourney
Leonardo
Image & Video Models
Implement continual LLM model improvement and refinement with RAG to generate relevant and accurate outputs
Unstructured IO
Airbyte
LLAMA Index
Langchain
RAG
Capture the essential information and simplify the LLM training by converting the complex datasets into numerical representations
OpenAI
Google
Clarifai
Cohere
Mistral
NLPCloud
Embeddings
Utilize similar metrics to help the system get a context-based understanding for faster data retrieval and relevant output
Pinecone
Weaviate
Zilliz
Milvus
Supabase
MongoDB Atlas
Vector Database
Securely store and process large datasets in their original format using a centralized repository
Snowflake
RedShift
Databricks
AWS DataLakes
Cloudera
Azure Data Lake
DataLakes
Effectively extract data from various sources and convert it into useful resources
Fivetran
Talend
Hevo Data
Skyvia
Xplenty
PySpark
ETL
Tag and label the data when model training for AI to provide accurate output through improved context and better interpretation
Label Studio
Labelbox
SuperAnnotate
Scale AI
V7
Dataloop
Annotation
Give your AI models human-like intelligence by building multiple levels of neural networks using advanced ML algorithms
PyTorch
Caffe2
NVIDIA
Chainer
Theano
MX NET
DL Frameworks
Openxcell’s advanced
AI services
address all your business concerns
Our broad range of AI Development solutions optimizes your business operations
Trending Use Cases
Businesses are utilizing AI’s capabilities to improve their operations. Some of the popular methods of integrating AI currently include:
Personalized customer services
Improved operational efficiency through automation
Demand forecasting and supply chain management
Utilizing data-driven insights for strategic decisions
Strengthen and secure the overall systems
Data Security
Seeking extra security for your data?
We secure your data by implementing automated processes and AI-driven multi-level security.
Personalization
Want to enhance customer experience?
Use AI-powered analysis on customer behavior to tailor the strategies to their interests.
Predictive Analytics
How can you improve business strategies?
Let the AI model analyze the current and previous trends to predict the market shift.
Automation
Looking for ways to optimize your business operations?
Integrate AI automation tools and make mundane tasks less resource-intensive
Our approach to seamless
enterprise AI development
Access future-driven solutions and upgrade workflow with AI services curated by our professionals
01
01
Requirement Analysis
A consultation with our AI experts to understand your pain points and our possible solution
02
02
Process Strategization
Designing the complete roadmap suitable for you and our team to develop a quality AI-based solution
03
03
Technology Identification
Determining and discussing the best possible technologies for your digital solution
04
04
QA & Compliance Testing
Ensuring our solution is free of any bugs and complies with all the necessary regulatory requirements
05
05
Deployment
Deploying the final product for you to integrate into and optimize your workflow
Why Openxcell?
Your search for a dedicated
AI development company
ends here!
Streamlining processes, brainstorming original ideas, and helping businesses upscale is our expertise
Talk to an AI specialist
Ethical & Secure Practices
We ensure your privacy, data is never compromised, and the development environment is fully secured.
Technology Proficiency
Our resources deliver premium AI development services powered by the latest technology and best methods.
15+
Years of delivering quality solutions
1000+
Happy Clients
400+
AI Specialists
1500+
Successful projects
95%
Client Retention
20%
Faster Product Delivery
Case Studies
Our portfolio of enterprise
AI development services
A glimpse of our proficiently designed AI solutions to meet client necessities and assured qualities
Explore more case studies
JobTatkal - Job platform powered by Generative AI
The platform bridged the gap between recruiters and job seekers with its GPT-powered capabilities. It allowed users to create accurate job descriptions and filter results for relevant profiles. This saves recruiters’ time while candidates benefit from better visibility.
Technology Used
Primary AI Technology - OpenAI GPT-4
Frontend - React.js, Next.js
Backend - Node.js
Database - MongoDB Atlas
Key Features
10x Faster Profile Setup With AI
Hiring Time Reduced By 91%
7x Faster Job Posting
View case study
?>
Speed - A leading AI-powered crypto platform to ensure the security of transactions
Speed primarily aims to collaborate with AI to identify and point out suspicious crypto transactions in real time. It provides a secure environment for all users to maintain the proper crypto transactions.
Technology Used
Data Storage - SQL/NoSQL
Data Processing- Apache Spark
ML Frameworks- TensorFlow and Scikit-learn
Real-time Processing- Apache Kafka
Deployment- Docker and Kubernetes
Key Features
AI better the detection rate of fraudulent transactions
Real-time analysis, minimizing potential losses
Reduced False Positives
View case study
?>
Cribzzzz AI Assistant - A generative AI chatbot designed for real estate
We designed a generative AI solution for Cribzzzz – a platform that connects real estate agents with potential buyers. The solution was designed to handle massive datasets and create a unique yet engaging client experience.
Technology Used
GPT model – GPT 4
Server – Microsoft SQL
Frontend – ReactJS
Backend - Dotnet Core
Database – MongoDB
Pointers
Generative AI-powered search
Real-time assistance and 24/7 support
Voice assistance and personalized suggestion
View case study
?>
TracknTake - Discover and Deliver all products: Your Local Marketplace at Your Fingertips
The platform empowers users to search for products available in their local area. TracknTake’s beneficial feature is a flexible pick-up, which cuts wait time. It enhances the shopping experience, offering convenience and reducing delivery costs and time
Technology Used
Backend - Python, PHP Laravel
Frontend- Android - Kotlin, IOS- Swift
Key Features
Find products nearby easily
Simple search
Instant results
Hassle-free shopping
View case study
?>
JobTatkal
A generative AI-powered job platform to improve the recruitment process
SPEED
AI-Powered platform to detect and prevent fraudulent transactions in crypto payment gateway
Cribzzzz
AI chatbot customized to improve user search experience for real estate platform
TracknTake
An AI platform for users to efficiently locate and discover products in their vicinity
Tailored
enterprise AI solutions
to match your industry requirements
We design AI development solutions that assist businesses across myriad industries
Healthcare
Fintech
Logistics
eCommerce
Real Estate
Retail
Health Monitoring & Alerts
AI, along with connected devices and data analytics, monitors the health and alerts healthcare providers in real-time.
Virtual Health Support
AI-powered chatbots and platforms make healthcare accessible for everyone regardless of their location and time.
Improved Drug Development
AI helps narrow down potential drug candidates and reduce the duration of clinical trials through advanced algorithms and smart predictions
Enhanced Treatment Plans
AI’s automation and smart imagining functionalities eliminate mundane administrative tasks and make report analysis more precise
Credit Assessment And Management
Use AI algorithms to analyze customers' history, financial situation, and previous records to have a better and more defined credit scoring for reduced risks
Market Trend Analysis
Better analysis of market trends with smart algorithms for faster decision-making and favorable outcomes in the trading market
Personalized Customer Support
Let AI be the personal banker for your customers and offer custom financial advice based on their activities, transactions, and credibility
Safeguarding Against Fraud
Add multiple layers of security through AI’s activity monitoring, real-time alerts, two-factor authentication, and more
Reduced Downtime
Augment predictive maintenance using AI’s smart data collection so as to avoid any downtime due to machine failure
Automated Processes
Invest in AI-based solutions to automate processes like order collection, fulfillment, packaging & processing, etc.
Route Optimization
Use AI to get real-time updates on traffic road conditions and make the delivery process faster and safer
Demand Forecasting
Accurate demand and sale predictions using AI-powered forecasting for better planning and minimal stockouts
Dynamic Pricing
Automated price determination based on data such as competitor pricing and supply & demand trends in the market
Smart Search
Integrate AI chatbot with NLP and give your site visitors a 24/7 assistant who understands their queries and offers relevant results
Abandoned Cart Alert
Improve conversion rates through regular alerts regarding forgotten products in the cart to increase the chances of purchase
Improved Recommendation
Use AI to monitor and get insights from customer’s purchase history to understand their interests and recommend the right suggestions accordingly
Virtual Tours
Skip multiple site visits and let your clients experience all the properties from the comfort of their homes
AI Bots For Data Collection
Make your point of communication AI-powered to collect initial user data and save time in computing and organizing the details
Property Evaluation
Use AI’s data analytics services to get reliable predictions on the property values and estimates for maximized profitability
Secure Transactions
AI-based security checkpoints will easily identify and alert the agent or customers regarding any suspicious activities, making it less susceptible to fraud
Centralized Management System
Centralize the point of connection among all the employees for better, more organized, and effective management through a single platform
Better Store Layout
See what customers like more, and with AI’s image generation function, design the best layout, putting the popular amount in front for better revenue
Seamless Customer Experience
Implement things like online orders and in-store pickup systems or online checkout to minimize queues and maximize the positive experience
Automated Feedback
Improve the services and get the needed business insights using automated feedback forms for customers to rate and share their views
Testimonials
A word from our client about our
AI development services
We design unparalleled experiences for our clients with our AI expertise
Here’s what our clients have to say about our solutions
Cecillia Wong
Marketing Manager, Powerknot
Christina Delord
Founder, TracPrac
Lisa Bailey
Founder, DockHere
Fahad AlQarawi
C-school App, Founder
Bryan Rivers
CEO, Malibbo
The OpenXcell team was highly professional, client-focused, and customer-oriented. They delivered the project with the expected quality, offering cost-effective solutions. They were flexible, accommodating our ideas, and consistently returned items promptly.
Cecillia Wong
Marketing Manager, Powerknot
You can rely on their creativity and expertise! They grasped our vision, set realistic timelines, and provided innovative suggestions for our software. Whether your project is big or small, their creativity, expertise, and dependable service will see it through to completion.
Christina Delord
Founder, TracPrac
OpenXcell transformed my ideas into an outstanding design, offering valuable suggestions throughout the process. They were always available to discuss the project's design and feasibility. OpenXcell's core strengths lie in their expertise, patience, and commitment to excellence.
Lisa Bailey
Founder, DockHere
They offered suggestions, which meant, they’ve got a proactive team on board. Communication with them was quite easy. I liked their professionalism and commitment. If I am asked to rate them, I rate them 5 out of 5.
Fahad AlQarawi
C-school App, Founder
I genuinely appreciate the efforts of the OpenXcell team and want to take this moment to thank each of you for your hard work, determination, late nights, countless hours, and continuous communication throughout this project.
Bryan Rivers
CEO, Malibbo
Resources
This is what is
currently happening in AI
Stay up-to-date about the latest trends and updates in the digital space
Explore all blogs
How Artificial Intelligence is Transforming the Landscape of Mobile App Development?
Artificial Intelligence has always been considered as an epitome of mankind’s prowess, intelligenc...
Continue Reading
The Role of AI in Education: Use Cases, Challenges, and Future
We are living in the era of Artificial Intelligence (AI) with tools such as ChatGPT, Google Bard, an...
Continue Reading
AI + IoT – A Technical Revolution in the Making!
Introduction A thermostat controlled by a mobile or a fitness tracker mapping your activity are tech...
Continue Reading
FAQ’s about
AI services!
Additional information about artificial intelligence services to help you get started!
Why Should I Go For Custom AI Development Services?
There are many advantages of including custom AI solutions in your workflow, including a better fit of digital solutions and personalized integrations for more cost-effective development.
How Do You Ensure Privacy And Data Security Throughout The Project?
We make sure a secure development environment throughout the process so as not to compromise data integrity. Our development team takes all the required measures for secure, scalable, and fully encrypted digital solution development.
How Would I Know Which Architecture Would Be The Best Fit For My Business?
Our experts can help you decide which technologies would be the best fit for the optimal functionality of AI solutions based on your requirements. These technologies can be altered and modified to suit your preferences.
Can You Give A Rough Estimate Of The Complete Development Cost?
The cost of the AI project depends on many factors, including data, complexities, resources required, etc., so determining a set cost can be challenging. However, you can book a free consultation with our experts to get a custom quote based on your requirements.
How Do I Make Sure Integrating AI Solutions Is A Necessity For My Business?
While digital integration has become essential to business, here are a few ways you can identify AI integration opportunities in your existing system. If your current operations are workforce intensive, compromise user experience, or rely on traditional, time-consuming methods, then investing in AI solutions is needed.
Will The Integration Process Hamper My Workflow?
No, it will not. We ensure step-by-step integration for projects to minimize disruptions throughout the project lifecycle.
Ready to move forward?
Contact us today to learn more about our AI solutions and start your journey towards enhanced efficiency and growth.
304 S. Jones Blvd #520 Las Vegas, NV 89107
203/204 Baleshwar Avenue, Bodakdev, Ahmedabad
+1 888 777 4629
sales@openxcell.com
AI Services
Artificial Intelligence
Data Engineering
Generative AI
DevOps
Development Services
Industry
Healthcare
Fintech
Logistics
Education
Ecommerce Solution
BFSI Solution
Real Estate
Energy & Utility
Sports & Gaming
Media & Entertainment
SaaS Product
About Us
About
Blog
Career
Partners & Ecosystem
Privacy Policy
Security Policy
Our Team
Case Study
Copyright © 2024 by OpenXcell